Hi, I'm Kerry Bailey and I'm a pole and
flexibility instructor.
I've been teaching now for six years.
It's just something that gives me such a
buzz and I just want to share my passion and
enthusiasm. My favorite thing about teaching
Stretch and Pole is showing people what their
bodies are capable of.
The excitement for me is those sudden
realization moments for my students when they
come in and say to me, I never thought I'd
be able to do that.
They get that spark and that buzz and it
drives them to keep going.
There are so many benefits for stretching.
And it's not just about how flexible can I
get, but it's also about that strength as
well. This is something that can often be
overlooked.
It's something I'm really passionate about
because it prevents injury.
It gives you those abilities to further the
sport that you're in.
So if you're new to stretching and you're
about to start your journey, please just
enjoy the process.
It might feel a little bit unusual for you
to start with, but as long as you're paying
attention to your body and keeping good
form, you're going to enjoy this process and
you're going to be surprised at what your
body can achieve.